>>REGINA MEREDITH: In my last
conversation with Jerry Wills,
we learned of his
unique start in life
as a baby who was dropped
off at a military base
and began his interesting life.
Today, we speak
about the knowledge
that was shared with him
and how humans can truly
begin to master their
world and their lives.
But first, we've got to pick
up the story with the cafe
at the end of the universe.
>>JERRY WILLS: The cafe at
the end of the universe.
>>REGINA: OK, so we have
a good hour to chat.
So tell us about
the cafe at the end
of the universe,
parallel timelines,
some of the
interesting individuals
you met over there from other
timelines, and so forth.
>>WILLS: Yeah, it's a very
interesting story to me.
I'm sure your viewers
will find it fascinating.
>>REGINA: It is to me, too.
>>WILLS: The place that I ended
up finding-- or being taken to,
really-- by M, was a
place that I call the cafe
at the end of the universe.
It has wood floors, tables
and chairs made of wood.
It's kind of rustic.
There are walls along a
couple of the back sides.
But on the left, where you're
sitting, there are no walls.
You just look out, and you're
looking out into space.
You see, really, the end of
the universe right there.
And that's why I called it that.
At least it looks like
the end of the universe.
And this is a place where I go
to periodically just to sit,
have a cup of coffee.
>>REGINA: I remember
you said orange muffin.
>>WILLS: Orange muffins.
They're really good.
I've never had an orange
muffin taste like that.
It's a very open and
friendly environment.
You can sit there, have a
cigarette, nobody bothers you.
And occasionally,
there will be others
who show up there as well.
And on quite a few
occasions-- because I've
been going there now for
quite a number of years--
the people that you meet there
are from their own timelines,
their own realities.
And what that means
is this-- for example,
you might meet someone from
what we in our current timeline
would consider, oh, Ancient
Greece or Ancient Egypt,
or some ancient, ancient time.
These are people that are
very much like myself,
whether they're
from Earth or not,
but they're highly
developed spiritually.
And they projected out, and
they were brought to this place
by their own guides, I suppose.
In their manner of thinking
and their experience,
they're still alive in
their particular timeline.
And when they leave, they
go back to their lives
in their timeline.
>>REGINA: Which looks
very similar to what
we would think of as the past.
>>WILLS: For us, it's the past.
And for them, we're the future.
And others are coming from
other worlds and other timelines
on other worlds.
It's a bit of a conundrum to
try and get your mind around it,
so I just stopped trying to.
There are those moments where
the invitations are extended.
And if you wanted
to go and visit,
see what it's like
there, then you can.
And there's a way
that it's done.
It's, again, a little
difficult to try and explain.
One example was I
wanted to see what
it was like in the Mayan times.
So they said, well, we're
going to do a ceremony.
And I'm there at the
cafe with this guy who's
a shaman from that time.
He says, all right.
Then let's go.
And so we go, and
then time kind of
has a deviation of some sort.
And I show up, and
he's already there.
And he's got the incense
burning, the drums are going,
and the people are sitting
around in a semicircle
making prayers and
holding their hands out
like this towards the ground.
And then I'm there.
Well, they're seeing me as
some kind of a shining being.
And then there's something that
happens, and I become solid.
They put a jaguar pelt
over me, they walk me
into the jaguar
temple, and that's
where we sit and do a ceremony.
And then, you can't
stay there that long.
Come back down the pyramid,
and the whole thing
is done in reverse,
and a shining being.
And suddenly it all fades out of
view, and I'm back in the cafe.
>>REGINA: Now, what did
you learn, for example,
from your time among
the Mayan shaman?
>>WILLS: It wasn't very long.
>>REGINA: OK.
You just kind of went
there, got the cape, left.
>>WILLS: I had the experience.
It wasn't like, well,
let's go into the mysteries
of the Mayan civilization.
It wasn't like that.
It was just a very quick
time, maybe 30 minutes.
>>REGINA: Do you have any
idea why you were taken there
through that?
>>WILLS: Oh, because I wanted
to see what it was like.
>>REGINA: OK.
So because it was your
curiosity driving that thing.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
And they offered, well,
sure, if you want to see it.
There's no difference
in language
in this particular circumstance,
which I find quite interesting.
But that's the nature of it.
There have been other people
who have passed through.
For example, Joan
Grant showed up once.
>>REGINA: I love her work.
>>WILLS: And she's a
beautiful, tall lady.
And came over and sat down, and
we talked about Ancient Egypt
stuff.
And she was very eloquent
and-- evocative comes to mind.
>>REGINA: Yes, her
work's very evocative.
"Winged Pharaoh" on.
>>WILLS: Oh, it
was just-- having
a conversation like
that with her was-- I
didn't even know who she was.
So I went to find out later.
>>REGINA: OK.
Surprise.
>>WILLS: So that's why it
was like, oh really, that
was Joan Grant.
But there are others
who have gone through
and met up with them.
And it's just a place
I go to to relax,
to get away from this world and
find a bit of solace otherwise.
And I go there sometimes.
I don't know when I'll go next.
>>REGINA: Is it for, as
you say, mostly relaxation?
Or is there
sometimes information
that can kind of pass through?
>>WILLS: There's always
information that comes through.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I'd like to know about
a little bit of that.
What type of things are--
>>WILLS: Well, there
are these guys that
show up on a regular basis.
I call them the ancient dudes.
They have names, but I
can't pronounce them.
>>REGINA: Why do you
call them ancient?
What do they look like?
Where are they from?
>>WILLS: Well,
they all look kind
of old, white hair, curly hair.
They're from the ancient
times of, I suppose,
Greece and other parts within
that part of the world.
I think Greece, maybe
Rome-- I don't know exactly,
but they're all very,
very smart, real smart.
>>REGINA: So what
sort of information
do they share with you?
>>WILLS: Well, we just
didn't have talks.
They're healers.
And so whenever someone
has an issue that they're
dealing with in their own
particular timeline, if they're
having a real problem with
it, they'll come and talk.
Or it they have a personal
bit of angst about something,
they'll come and talk.
So it's like a meeting of
friends who share information.
A good example of what
happened one time was Kathy
was working--
>>REGINA: Your wife.
>>WILLS: My wife, uh-huh.
She's the only person
that made my life better.
She's my hero.
And she was building,
constructing
this nutrient drink.
>>REGINA: We're going to
get a little bit of that
into the conversation too.
>>WILLS: Well, it was
like-- it tasted like, yuck.
It was green.
You know how green drinks taste.
>>REGINA: Yeah, like yuck.
>>WILLS: I said, it's got to
taste good if I want to use it.
So she figured out almost all
of it and made it taste good.
And then the ancient
dudes, I'm talking to them.
They says, well, here's
what we would use.
Try some of this, some of that.
So I told her, the
next opportunity I had,
what they had said.
And she tried it, and
it made it incredible.
It was, like, 27 different
ingredients she used.
It's called living food.
And she made this
up, and I swear,
you can drink a big glass of
juice with the stuff in it
and not have to eat
for six or seven hours.
You're completely nourished.
>>REGINA: Well, I think
when I saw the two of you,
I asked her if there's any
way that that recipe would
be shared.
And what we did come to was
a few of the key ingredients
in the cocktail.
And I don't know if
it's worth sharing,
since it doesn't have some
of the secret sauce or not.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
Well, it's all just
off-the-shelf stuff,
but it's how it's combined.
It's a synergistic blend.
Talk to her, and I'm sure she'd
be happy to share it with you.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
On behalf of all of
us, I'll see if she'll
share that recipe with us.
>>WILLS: It was really good.
>>REGINA: And so the
inspiration for the green
drink came initially
through her?
>>WILLS: Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And there are those times--
I don't talk about it
very much because it bothers me.
But there are those
times where I just
get so tired that I can't remain
conscious, 2:00 in the morning,
3:00 in the morning.
And Kathy is just the most
inquisitive, thorough person
I've ever met.
Anyway, she will be
talking to me about things,
and I'm not present any longer.
And she'll be talking
to the ancient dudes.
They think she's fun.
So she has conversations
with the ancient dudes
while I'm sleeping.
And that's where she got
a lot of her information.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
what I was wondering.
>>WILLS: And it
bothers me, because I--
>>REGINA: You're
not privy to it.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
I'm like, I thought
I was asleep.
So anyway, it's a bit strange.
I don't talk about
that very much.
>>REGINA: Well, the
green drink thing.
Now, a couple of years ago when
I was doing my own checking
in with was given information
about the green drink
thing in terms of
what this means
to our future of
the species as well,
and our healing
and the adaptations
that will be taking
place within one to two
generations in our
digestive systems,
and that this is
the precursor to how
we're going to be eating.
>>WILLS: That's what
they were saying too.
>>REGINA: Were they?
OK, yeah.
And so might as well
start getting used to it
and figure out how
to make friends
with it, because it might
be burgers and fried chicken
and all that are off the menu
in a couple of generations
or whatever.
Yeah.
>>WILLS: This is a very
nutritious way of living.
We did it for, gosh, years.
>>REGINA: And so it really keeps
your energy high and sustained?
>>WILLS: Oh, sure.
We would have it with
us on expeditions.
You can take all the
ingredients with you?
She just mixes it up.
All you need is a papaya
or a pineapple or a mango
or whatever, and just juice
it up and put it in there.
>>REGINA: It was interesting,
because you like street food.
>>WILLS: I do.
I always have.
But she bent me
in that direction,
and I found it very
easy to accommodate.
>>REGINA: That's why I trust it.
If you like the flavor of it,
that means the rest of us will.
>>WILLS: Oh, it was good.
It was really good.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, I'll see if I can find
out from her about that,
and then we'll post it later.
OK.
Now, among all of this
going on through the years,
you brought your own memory
and also were shown more about
how people utilize energy.
We talked a little bit about
this in the last show, where
you were saying one
thing you don't do
is you don't force
or push energy.
And since we are nothing
but energy-- electricity
and so forth, magnetic fields--
you began teaching this.
And you still do.
And so I would like
to-- let's just pretend
we're in one of your courses.
And take us where you
normally begin with people.
What's the entry point into
beginning to master energy?
>>WILLS: Well, you know,
it's pretty much the same
for every person depending upon
what their skill level or skill
sets are.
But considering the person
has the most-- you know,
what they feel is really a
good skill set, and the person
who doesn't have a clue is like,
I really want to do something,
I don't know how, the
inception in all of this
is to first understand
who you are.
Because most people in this
world have forgotten who
they really are, and they've
lost sight of themselves.
Most people have this
need to be accepted.
It's a natural thing.
And within that
need, you are trying
to accommodate what other
people expect of you in order
to be accepted.
And keeping in mind, the
first thing that you learned
was the word no.
It wasn't the word yes.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's true.
>>WILLS: If you're in a
situation where you're
wanting to progress spiritually
to evolve yourself--
and spiritually to me
means not just, oh, well,
I feel very spiritual-- it's
like, I want to do something.
I want to use this energy
in a constructive way
so I can have something change,
whether it's the taste of water
or a tumor go away,
whatever it might be.
Well, you have to
rediscover yourself first.
And the way that you do that
is by looking at yourself,
really seeing who you
are, and not seeing
who you've been told you
are, because we've all
been told that we are either
not smart enough or pretty
enough or good
enough, or who do you
think you are sort of comment,
and we've taken that to heart.
All the things that would
keep us from being great
have been pretty much abated.
So you have to get
away from that.
And what I tell
folks to do is I want
you to imagine how good it
feels when someone who loves you
is just holding you,
and you close your eyes,
and you're floating in that
feeling of being loved.
It's a really neat feeling.
To take it a step beyond
that, because the next step is
important, look in the
mirror and see yourself truly
see yourself.
You're going to see the
flaws and the problems
and everything you've ever been
told-- you this is not right
or your that, or whatever.
Look at yourself as though
you didn't know any of that
and you're fascinated, and
you're looking at yourself
and seeing all of the
beauty that's there.
Try to find it.
And the third thing
is to start breathing.
And breathe in
the essence of who
you are looking at yourself.
And feel that love, like
when someone's holding you.
And start feeling
that towards yourself.
When you can master that--
and by master, I mean,
when you reach that
point when you can really
start feeling it,
now you've just
identified that aspect of
God that lives within you,
and you're starting
to nurture that.
No one can take that from you.
And all these things
that people told you,
that you weren't good enough,
pretty enough, smart enough,
you couldn't sing
well enough, whatever
it is, it starts to
just sort of fade away,
because that was their
impression of you.
And because of
whatever reason, this
is what they wanted you
to believe about yourself.
You stop believing these
things about yourself
and start knowing who you are.
And who you are in
every person I've ever
met is a divine spark of
the creator, another facet,
and that light coming
off of you comes
from God, whatever you
conceive God to be,
and it just radiates outward.
Now, a lot of people
say, well, I'm
trying to protect myself
with the white light
or I'm trying to bring in the
light, all the stuff-- silly.
Number one, you're made
of what God is Made of.
God's essence runs through you.
If you go looking,
you're not going
to find that place where
you end and God begins.
It's homogeneous.
>>REGINA: Now, can I
ask a quick question,
and you'll remember
where we are right now?
Is that true from out
throughout the universe
and other cultures?
>>WILLS: It is.
>>REGINA: Throughout
the universe,
they understand
this the same way?
>>WILLS: This is why
I'm bringing it forward,
because this is the,
quote unquote, religion
from other worlds, people who
are successfully living aware.
And it's time it happens here.
>>REGINA: OK, so then back to
what you were saying about we
are that stuff.
>>WILLS: You are that stuff.
And instead of trying
to find the light
or bring the light in or
protect yourself with the light,
there isn't anything
that's not of God
you have to protect
yourself from, number one.
And instead of looking for
the light, be the light.
It's time to stop looking
for it and start being it.
You are the light that
you've been looking for,
and trying to find
it externally just
means you haven't found
it within yourself.
Find it now within yourself.
And as soon as you do,
what's going to happen
is that there are
going to be people
who won't like you
because you are not
what they expect you to be.
They're going to think there's
something wrong with you
because they need you to be
this person that they have--
>>REGINA: That
they're familiar with.
>>WILLS: Right.
And it's unfamiliar.
I don't know what's
wrong with that person.
They just sort of changed.
Well, you did change.
You became you.
And you're going to
have these people that
are just going to
drop out of your life,
and sometimes it hurts.
It hurt in mine.
It hurt a lot.
But what happens next is magical
because the universe does not
like there to be a vacuum.
And those empty places
will be populated
by people who think
you're really neat
and want to be around you.
And you'll find that you're
suddenly just surrounded
by folks who just think that
you're special, just like you
think you're special.
Not in an egotistical way--
you're just, I am who I am.
And I think that's where
that comment comes from.
No, God, I am that I am.
And that's the god within you.
And that light that
goes out is going
to help to illuminate the path
of the people that haven't
found their own
light, and it's going
to inspire them to become
what you found yourself to be.
Be that inspiration.
It's nothing to do at all
except just to breathe
and just to be and
to know yourself.
The light finds its own way
into the lives of others,
and it shows them-- just
the way that you find it
within yourself--
how that they too
can become something more
special than they ever
realized.
In doing this sort
of exercise, you
start noticing little tingling
and warmth that every time you
see something that
needs attention--
maybe you got a cut, or maybe
it's worse-- and you go,
I don't need that
any longer, and this
is the next part of it.
People pray, and they pray and
they pray, I have this wrong,
I need to pray about it.
And it's still wrong, I need to
pray some more, compelling God
to do something.
God lives within you.
If something's wrong,
I don't need it like
that anymore, it'll just fixed.
It needs to be done quickly
and go about your business.
And it just goes away.
That is the next level of our
experience in our continuing
evolution towards being
in harmony with God
and walking the same steps
at the same moment, which
is in harmony.
But it's realizing the state
of the divine within ourselves.
And when you do that,
everything changes.
You want to project energy.
This is another strange
thing that I find here.
People are wanting
to be healers.
I want to be an artist.
I want to be a this,
I want to be a that.
Just saying that you want to be
is admitting that you aren't.
Be a healer.
Be an artist.
Because someone else judges that
you aren't, does that mean that
you aren't?
What do you judge
about yourself?
It isn't the opinions of others
that make it so within you.
It's the opinion of
you that makes it so.
So stop trying to be what you
think you aren't and start
living as though you were.
The one thing that
I can tell you
that is absolutely
certain is whatever
you believe yourself to be is
what you'll start becoming.
But when you know yourself
to be this, you're that.
So know yourself
to be whatever it
is that you're hoping and
dreaming and not succeeding at.
You're not succeeding
because you have doubt.
You want to be,
but well, I'm not.
>>REGINA: Because
you feel separate
from that divine
aspect of light,
energy, harmonics, whatever
you want to call it,
inside-- you say God inside--
because you've separated
yourself from it, is
you're not allowing it
to manifest things
very naturally
and easily as it should.
>>WILLS: No.
It's time to be who you
are, pure and simple.
So when I teach my
classes, I take my students
on this journey
of self-discovery.
And once they've
gotten to that point,
then I show them how
to project energy,
the process that I use in
healing, whatever it is they're
wanting to become.
Because not everybody's going to
be a healer, and not everyone's
going to be an artist.
But some will.
And some will be psychometrists,
or fill in the blanks.
They'll be something, but
it's what they see themselves
as being.
And that's the important part.
Here are the tools to
get you to that point.
So I try to make sure that every
bit of what I teach a person
is based in fact and that they
have a tangible bit of evidence
that it's actually occurred.
>>REGINA: Well, for you, it's
important, it sounds like,
that they have an experience
of being able to see energy,
for example.
>>WILLS: Sure.
>>REGINA: And so
how do you begin
working with people in that way
so they can start fine-tuning
their abilities to
see the ordinarily
unseen world about them?
>>WILLS: Well, I told
you about the guardian
and how it lights
up the auric field.
It's a certain
thing, you see it.
It isn't imagined at all.
So I built a much
larger device based
on the same principles that
illuminates a much larger area,
and groups of people can
see the aura at that point
around themselves and others.
And so I've used
this in the class
so that they can take some time
and start seeing the energy.
And once you see it, it's
like, how about that?
And you're looking at the
energy around your hands.
The longer you watch
it, the more you
see little wisps of light,
little fibers coming off,
little sparks in the air.
And the more you
practice, the more
you see with it, until finally
you don't need the tool.
You just do it automatically.
And that's how I see
the progress evolving
within each person.
And so from that
point, where they're
able to now see their
aura and kind of marvel
in the glory of
it all, then where
do you go with that
in teaching people
essentially to be the creator
of their own experience?
Well, once you've
seen energy, it really
throws a trigger in your mind,
because you probably saw it
when you were a child,
and you were told, oh no,
that's not there.
What's wrong with you?
Oh, I want to be accepted.
No?
OK, I won't see it.
Well, once you've seen
it, it throws the switch.
And now you're going to see it.
And what you want to do
next is figure out, what
are you going to do with it?
You just want to see it
and watch it, or what?
And so I show them the process
that I use to play with it.
I show them how to focus
it, how to direct it,
how to make it do
the things you're
wanting it to do-- not by
force but just by cooperating
with it.
And then once they
get to that point
to where they've successfully
managed that, then I say,
OK, here's a thing.
Make it move.
And it's a real simple
little toy, really.
But it isn't going to move
unless you actually get
the energy going just right.
And without exception--
>>REGINA: Like telekinesis.
>>WILLS: It is.
So I show them telekinesis.
OK, now they've
seen that it's true
and that can happen, what
will you do with this?
Will you use it in your
painting, in your drawing?
Will you use it in your music?
You want to look
inside the body?
Project the energy in,
and just start looking,
see what's there,
the way that I do.
It takes some time to really
develop that as a talent,
just like anything.
But if you want
to do it, why not?
Go ahead.
They get this tangible
response each step of the way.
And in having done that, their
confidence grows and grows,
and now they know.
They're not believing, they're
not thinking, they know.
And now, what can happen?
It's up to them.
>>REGINA: So at what
point in the journey,
then, do people begin looking
into their own timelines,
their own personal--
we call it history,
but you could say parallel
timelines and so on?
>>WILLS: Well, I don't know.
It really depends on the
person and what they feel
is appropriate for them.
So I leave that part
of the personal journey
in their hands.
>>REGINA: Do you feel
there's value in that?
>>WILLS: Not necessarily.
People get lost in that.
I just happen to know
a lot about my own.
And I'm sure there are
other people who do too.
But here's the thing.
It really doesn't matter
who you are-- I'm sorry,
who you were in another life.
It doesn't matter what you did.
What really matters
is this moment.
Who are you now, and
what are you doing?
And when you answer
those questions, whatever
it is that you were before
and you had done before,
it's like, what did
you have for breakfast
in 1974 versus September?
What did you have?
Oh, I don't have a clue.
It must have nourished you.
You're still here.
>>REGINA: But what
about the notion-- I've
mucked around in past
lives here and there
over the last few decades.
And I find the value in
very specific things,
such as if you
have a subconscious
inclination towards something,
and you just can't figure it
out, sometimes by
understanding, oh, I
see that's not
necessarily from now,
I see what that came from--
>>WILLS: Well, that's fun stuff.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And then it can
clarify and say, aha, I
knew I was feeling
it for a reason.
And it's almost as
though it gives the mind
some kind of--
enough understanding
that you can begin accepting
and then working on it.
>>WILLS: Yeah, of course.
That can work for all the good
things and all of the things
that are detrimental
in your life.
So I can see where
the benefit is of it.
But I would say not
to get so wrapped up
in it that it becomes more
of a focus than this moment.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>WILLS: Because there certainly
will be another lifetime.
And that being the case,
why not evolve now--
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
>>WILLS: --so the next one's
going to be even more fun?
>>REGINA: OK.
I had another question along in
here that I wanted to ask you.
When you're talking about
this kind of integration,
this wholeness,
this peace, being
the religion
throughout the cosmos
and other developed places, how
do these beings view humans?
Did they go through
the same schism
of animal and highly developed
spirits kind of scrunched
into one, or is this an
anomaly more on this planet?
>>WILLS: It's not an anomaly.
But I think it's important
to remember-- or not
to remember but to know--
that this world has
been kept from evolving
for a very long time.
>>REGINA: Can you explain that?
>>WILLS: Certainly.
This world's been used
as a point of harvesting
for a long time by
beings that came here
and used the resources of this
planet, including the people.
Keeping the people asleep
means that they can
continue doing what they do.
You see evidence
of it everywhere,
except it's hard to
put your finger on it
and say, oh, this
is this and this
is that, because it falls into
such a grand scheme of things.
How did it work
for other worlds?
Well--
>>REGINA: Did other worlds
go through similar processes
where they were taken
advantage of as well perhaps?
>>WILLS: Oh, certainly.
And they took advantage
of each other,
and others took
advantage of them.
And it's just the
nature of life.
It's a part of a process where
we evolve and change and grow
and become greater than
we were the day before.
Some of these places, the
people are-- their culture
and their civilization is
vastly older than here,
and they've had fewer problems
there than we've had here.
So they've had more
of an opportunity
to grow unimpeded
or uninterrupted.
But it doesn't make
them any better,
it just means they happen
to have had an opportunity
that we didn't have.
>>REGINA: So how is that
viewed throughout the cosmos,
looking at the human
species and what
we have been-- what we've gone
through and been subjected to
and been blind to
with intention?
>>WILLS: Well, part of the
reason why people were brought
here is to stop that process
of being used, to just put
an end to it, at least try.
And as far as how other
worlds view the people here,
well, they don't
feel sorry for them.
There isn't any of that.
That's kind of a co-dependent
state of affairs.
But instead, they just
look at it and go,
well, it's like this.
And if we do this and this,
then it might get better.
They're very realistic about it.
People will be people depending
upon the cultural circumstance,
how the society is organized,
the opportunities that
are brought to bear.
These all have a
direct relationship
on how an entire world of
people will move in a direction.
There are always
going to be bad guys.
There are always going to be
the people who have evil intent.
They're psychopathic.
There are always going to be
things falling out of the sky.
There are always going
to be bad things.
But there are always going
to be good things too.
And if more and
more people learned
how to manage themselves and
the energy running through them,
the decision to
make things better
could be a process
where evolution
is dynamically changed so that
it could happen more quickly.
Let's take for an example,
people can bend a spoon.
I've done it.
Other people have done it.
No big magic there.
It's just like,
wow, how about that?
And there's a quantum of
energy involved with that.
Well, what if we had 10 people
that could bend a spoon,
and they focused on one spoon?
What might happen?
It would probably bend
a lot easier, I think.
They're not competing.
They're just cooperating
and doing it.
Well, what if there were 1,000
people focused on the spoon?
And the spoon in this
particular circumstance
represents what we
as a society think
is no longer necessary
in order for this world
to continue evolving,
things keeping us back.
Let's say there's a drought.
There's a drought in California.
Farmers are losing their
homes and so on and so forth.
Farms are failing.
What if 1,000 people who can
bend spoons said, you know,
that's just too bad.
We need to change that.
Let's just focus on having
it rain there-- not crazy,
but rain at the rate where
they will come back and things
will be fine.
That could be done.
Oh, no.
There's an asteroid
heading for the Earth.
It's going to just
wipe out life.
What if everyone took
a look and said, yeah,
this thing's come around
a few times before,
and this has happened on
several occasions in this world.
We've evolved to the point where
it no longer needs to be there.
Let's just cause it to be gone.
And poof, it vanishes.
We don't have to go and escape.
We don't have to
go, oh my god, I
hope the UFOs come pick us up.
>>REGINA: Just alter the event.
>>WILLS: So it
isn't necessary now.
That volcano wants to erupt.
No, it doesn't need to.
Peace.
These things are possible,
and they're very real.
And that's the
reason why I've been
trying to teach
these classes, is
so people can become empowered.
>>REGINA: So as a sense,
mostly post World War II,
we become increasingly aware
of the presence of grace,
for example.
Those are the ones
most obviously depicted
and most often depicted.
And these are ones we talked
about in our last interview
as not necessarily having
the human being's best
interest at heart.
And I'm getting ready to do an
interview regarding an exchange
program in the military having
to do with human beings,
select human beings chosen, to
go to another planetary system
and witness life
on another planet.
Do you think it was important
over the last 60 years
for this particular
group of beings--
and I know there
are others and I'd
like you to comment on that--
to come into our awareness?
>>WILLS: They came
into our awareness
because we're
becoming more aware.
They've been here
for a very long time.
>>REGINA: Yes.
But I mean, do you think that
coming into our awareness
is so that we can
actually potentially break
the cycle of control?
>>WILLS: Well, that's
the whole point.
Because until that cycle
of control has been abated,
then anything that
this world tries
to do to get past a certain
point will be equally abated.
It'll be very, very difficult.
I mean, you're dealing with
people-- these are people.
I mean, just because
they don't look
like what we think people look
like, but they're still people.
And these are people that
have a vested interest
in keeping this world in a very
confused and subservient state.
And their existence
and ability to work
here is more and
more being interfered
with by people like
myself and others who
know how to go up against them.
Fear is the one
thing that they use,
and manipulation is the other.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Keeping people in fear.
>>WILLS: I remember when--
I've gone up against them
a few times in the way
they've tried to use
fear and intimidation on me.
>>REGINA: Telepathically?
>>WILLS: Oh, it's
all telepathic,
but you don't know
that it's telepathic.
And for me, I just look
at it and go, really?
And then I get a little
indignant with them.
But if this world
is going to evolve,
then they're going to
have to get beyond this.
>>REGINA: You said in
our last conversation,
these beings aren't
working alone.
And so not to frighten
people, I don't
want to go-- this
isn't about fright.
This is literally about
awareness, so one can say,
you know what, enough?
That's really where
I'm going with this.
So who do they work with?
Who are some of the groups?
And who are some of the really
lovely groups that are also
assisting us, maybe
even between dimensions
or from other places?
>>WILLS: Well, I
don't have names.
It's hard to give you
descriptions without pictures,
and I don't have
any to show you.
But there are several,
suffice it to say,
without a way of really
validating this for you.
And I wish I could.
But there are several
groups of people
that are not looking
at this world
as though it's any
more than a cow lot.
>>REGINA: A cow lot?
>>WILLS: Mm-hmm.
It's a farm, and
it's being farmed.
And we are unevolved, unaware,
and self-indulged, easily
controlled, easily manipulated,
feed them what they want
and they'll be
happy, and they'll
continue doing exactly what
we need them to do and just
be mindless and go
about their business.
But watch out for the ones
who are thinking because those
are the ones that are
dangerous to those
that control this world.
And I think if you listen
to people like David Icke,
you get a glimpse.
There are just several
different ones.
>>REGINA: He speaks
specifically of reptilians.
>>WILLS: He does.
>>REGINA: And some others,
but mostly the reptilians.
>>WILLS: The reptilians
he's focused on.
But there's the grays.
There's these short guys
who are covered in hair.
They're not very nice.
So there are several
different representations
within this collective.
>>REGINA: And they
work in the shadows?
Do they work also in
companion with the military
and some of the power
structures of the planet?
>>WILLS: Well, they have,
because they offered them
weapons.
>>REGINA: Advanced weaponry?
>>WILLS: Sure.
And of course it
wasn't until too late
they discovered,
well, the weapons they
gave us don't work on them.
So it's a bit of a conundrum.
So yeah, they are
scary people if you're
allowed to go down the
scary road with them.
>>REGINA: Right.
And we talked off-camera
about the fact
I was going to be doing
this other interview.
And you said, indeed,
that you were aware,
there have been such projects
where people, groups of people,
have been taken to other places.
And can you tell us
maybe just an example
of-- because I'm
not saying they're
necessarily one and the same.
There may be multiple
projects throughout history
that have occurred, right?
And can you talk about
what that kind of program
might look like and one
that you may know of,
where there's an exchange
program of sorts?
>>WILLS: The problem
with an exchange program
is being able to trust
the people that you're
having the exchange with.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Those are some of the
questions I'm going to ask.
>>WILLS: And how do you know
that you can trust them,
just because they've given
you a psychic impression you
should trust them?
There was an incident going on
down in South America, Brazil,
where a UFO was showing up
periodically-- big, big UFO.
And people were going up
to the top of the mountain.
And finally, after
several weeks of this,
the people had someone else
there with them saying, well,
would you like to go with
us, take you for a ride.
So they took them for
a ride and brought them
back a couple times.
Then it all stopped.
But the people that had
been taken for a ride,
they never came back.
They're just gone.
>>REGINA: Don't take
rides with strangers.
>>WILLS: That's true.
And I was warned off about it.
I was going to go
and investigate it.
I was warned off
about it by a group.
They said they were
from the Pleiades.
I don't know if they are or not.
But after someone gets
sight of a UFO and says
I'm from the Pleiades, who
am I to argue with them?
But anyway, they
were very nice folks.
And I knew them
for several years.
And they said, if
you go with them,
there's nothing we
can do to help you.
They're not who
you think they are.
They're not humans.
They're not people.
>>REGINA: We're so
intrigued with the phenomena
that we are standing there
at the base of the mountain,
take me, take me.
Human beings do that,
because we're giving, again,
our power away.
>>WILLS: Well, it's like
the segment in the movie
"Independence Day."
They're all standing up there
with the signs, dancing around.
And the whole building
just vaporizes.
Yeah, But I mean, you see
UFOs, and of course you're
going to be intrigued.
Someone comes up and says,
hi, I'm from another world.
And this is my flying saucer.
And we're going to go for a
ride if you'd like to, baby.
And it's probably
not a good idea.
>>REGINA: Let's reverse it.
Let's talk about some
beings that are there
between spaces that
are also really hoping
that we can make
this leap and wake up
beyond the illusion
and the mind control.
>>WILLS: Well, and these beings
in those in-between spaces,
we have a tendency to think
of them as spiritual beings
or, well, we have a lot of
different terminology for them.
But there is an
alternate universe.
There's a part that is
in between universes.
This is the way it was
explained to me, anyway.
It's like, here's the
one boundary for one
universe, another
boundary for the other.
There's something in
here in the middle.
And it's in this part
the pure energy resides.
And it's in this place where
pure energy resides that there
isn't time nor distance.
And this is the energy
spot that I work
from when I work on a person.
Time and distance don't exist.
In that particular
area, there are beings.
And we might say they're angels.
We might say it's divine
or a divine source.
Or there's all sorts of
things you call them.
I don't know what they
are, but they're there.
And they're vastly more evolved
than anything that I've ever
encountered, and very smart and
very willing to work with you.
But even in that
realm, there are
those who would very much
like to take advantage of you,
if you're not familiar
with the territory.
It's like this
dichotomy that exists
no matter where you go,
what state you go into,
what level you happen
to venture towards.
Getting to the point
where you are really
focused in and sure of yourself
protects you from that.
>>REGINA: That's what I
was going to ask you next,
yes-- holding our own integrity
of what we relate to as us.
>>WILLS: And you know,
it's when you feel--
and I know it's an ambiguous
term, but it's true.
When you feel that something
isn't right, act upon it.
Do something.
Don't go, oh, I didn't have
a good feeling about that,
but I went anyway.
I wish I had my arm now.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So start using these
subtle feelings.
I mean, that has to be a
really huge part of it.
>>WILLS: It is.
>>REGINA: For me,
I mean, there have
been times where
I haven't listened
to my feelings or my
guidance, but not very often.
And when I haven't, I've gotten
myself in some serious trouble
a couple of times when I
was warned off and thought,
ah, what the heck,
let's do it anyway.
And so this is really
critical, is the noise
that's being created surrounding
our lives is really keeping us
from that voice.
>>WILLS: That's true.
Finding peace within yourself.
And that's what I tell
my students as well,
is that the first step in doing
any of this is to be at peace.
Get still and quiet inside.
Be at peace--
whatever that means,
however you choose to do it.
Sometimes putting
on the headphones
and playing rock and
roll, and that'll
bring you a state of peace.
Strange but true.
Other times, it's
sitting by a waterfall,
or just being in an
isolation chamber.
>>REGINA: Find that still point.
>>WILLS: Yeah, the
still point is really
what you're looking
for, because it's
that still point that
everything else emerges from.
>>REGINA: So find
ways to be quiet.
OK, now, we don't have
a lot of time left,
but we have enough
time that I wanted
to get into some of your
travels far and wide,
because you really hunt
down the stories that
seem to have what we
would consider mystery.
But to you, there's
something else in them
that you're looking for.
And Id' like to have you share
with us some of the places
you've been and some
of the discoveries
that you've made along the
way and why you're doing this.
>>WILLS: Well, we'll
start with why first.
And the reason I'm doing
it-- I'm not doing it alone.
I'm doing it with Kathy.
And Kathy is the most
incredible person I know.
She's my hero and an
amazing researcher.
So the reason we're
doing it is because we
want to bring more knowledge to
ourselves, and in the process
be able to share our findings
with others who are also
curious about such
things, whether it's
ancient sites or ancient
mystical practices,
whatever it might be.
Where we go?
Well, we have gone
all over the world.
We've gone to South
America, Central America,
gone to Europe, and of course,
all over North America.
And we're trying to find
details that tell us
more about this world
and the ancient way
that it was, because history
as we know it, what we've been
fed, is just a bunch of lies.
The details have been obscured,
and there's a reason for that.
We don't know what
it is exactly,
but we are trying to find
out what the details are,
and maybe that will tell us
why they are being obscured.
I think that it's been done
because if we know our past
we'll understand who we are.
And the people who
control this world
are the ones that are wanting
us to stay unenlightened,
uninformed.
>>REGINA: So what have been some
of the most startling artifacts
or discoveries you've
come across that
really were big ahas?
>>WILLS: Well, we discovered
something called the Doomsday
Stone in 2000, down in a very
dangerous part of Peru, North
Central Peru.
Kathy found a human footprint
on top of a mountain
in Bolivia that is in
sandstone composite that's
a human footprint over
2 million years old,
maybe older than that even.
>>REGINA: The same size
as humans are today?
>>WILLS: It was about
size seven to eight.
Don't know if it
was male or female.
>>REGINA: But that was a couple
million years ago is the point.
>>WILLS: It was a few
million years ago when
the Andes weren't there
and it was a swamp,
so however long that was.
Finding different things
about common sites--
for example, Chichen Itza.
Why did the Chichens
leave Chichen Itza?
They just abandoned this place.
They say it was because
of crops or whatever.
No, it wasn't.
Kathy discovered why.
>>REGINA: Why?
>>WILLS: A huge comet came over,
caused all kinds of failures.
And the people of
Chichen Itza left.
So she followed
them to where they
went and found that eight years
later, they started a new city
in the highlands of Colombia.
So you know, we're
finding these things,
we're looking for these
details, and we're
knowing inside
ourselves that there's
something way older
than us that's
still out there to be found.
And these way older places
should have a library
because everyone liked
to keep their records.
Everyone felt that
knowledge was important,
and we want to find this
and bring it forward.
>>REGINA: And I know that
you have made connection
with Klaus Dona, who is just
one of my favorite people.
>>WILLS: He's a great guy.
>>REGINA: He's a great guy.
And I know he's onto some
really interesting discoveries
with his little mini team over
there in Europe right now.
Can you give us just
a peek without going
into any detail of some
of what looks like may
be emerging before long?
>>WILLS: Well, I really
can't go into too much of it,
but it looks like there are
cross-cultural circumstances
going back to this really,
really old thing, age
that I was talking about,
and how this opens up
a whole new vista.
We thought it was
this, and suddenly
no, that was just a
little thing here.
It was actually that.
As it's this great
picture of what happened.
We know that 48,000 years ago,
there was a supernova close
to the Earth.
We know that it
extinguished life
on one side of the planet
because of the gamma radiation.
It happened on the
Asian-Australian portion--
gone.
We know that 7,000
years later, the Earth
was starting to get hit
from the debris of this.
And we know that there
were people who survived.
And they went underground.
We know they took their
records with them.
And then they reemerged, and
it became an entirely new world
for them.
>>REGINA: And where
did they reemerge?
Which culture was that?
>>WILLS: Well, we don't know
the name of the culture.
They were just called
the shining ones.
And it's because they
dusted themselves with gold
because they couldn't stand the
sun since the atmosphere had
been taken.
>>REGINA: And where in the
world did this emergence occur?
>>WILLS: Euphrates Valley.
If you take a look into the
work of Edmund Marriage,
you'll find all kinds--
and there's another fella.
I don't remember his name now.
But Edmund Marriage has got
a wealth of information.
>>REGINA: Is he modern?
A modern writer?
>>WILLS: Mm-hmm.
I've had him on my show.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
It sounds like I need to find
out about this guy's work.
>>WILLS: Amazing.
He's right up there with Klaus
Dona as far as incredible.
>>REGINA: Artifacts
and so forth?
Amazing.
OK.
>>WILLS: The details
are staggering.
And it's basically over on the
European side of the world.
And we're looking over
here saying, wait a minute,
the same thing happened
and it's over here too.
And we're looking for that,
Kathy and I and Klaus Dona.
So these things are all kind
of merging and coming together.
And as long as information
is being shared,
then it helps all of
us to move forward.
>>REGINA: Yes, to start
remembering who we are.
>>WILLS: And that's what
we started Xpeditions TV.
>>REGINA: And I was going to
ask you, do you allow people
to come along on
expeditions with you,
or do you usually
travel lightly?
>>WILLS: It depends.
We open it up for folks.
I don't have a problem
bringing people along,
so long as they understand,
if we find artifacts
they don't touch it.
If they have to have certain
things in place-- these shoes,
these tents, these
food types-- as long
as they abide by the
criteria that I put down.
And it's not because I'm
trying to be a dictator,
but we've done it.
We know how dangerous it is.
>>REGINA: So it sounds like
you have a really exciting--
and in fact, maybe
even in a few months
you have this one possibility
to check out this thing
that you thought was
this that's this.
And once that happens, maybe
you can come back on the show
and tell us what you found.
>>WILLS: Yeah, absolutely.
And part of the vehicle
for doing this just
happened to start evolving
just a couple of weeks ago.
I've been invited to become the
bass player for a band called
Terranomaly, which is huge.
And they're going
to the Grammys.
And that could turn
into a vehicle that
allows us to get even farther
out, because Terranomaly
is all about getting this higher
awareness and this information
forward.
So there are key pieces
just linking together.
And Kathy continues
to do her research,
and there are incredible
things coming out of that.
Yeah, I'm sure if we talk
again in another couple months,
there'll be more to tell you.
>>REGINA: Very good.
And the last couple hours have
been absolutely delightful.
And also, just to
let the viewers
know, Klaus Dona's work,
I've done a couple interviews
with him.
The last one was about two
years ago I think in the summer.
So everybody can take a look
at some of his artifacts
and what he's been working on.
Then we'll take your
piece of the story,
and we'll blend it all
together next time.
>>WILLS: Sounds perfect.
>>REGINA: Thank
you so much, Jerry,
for sharing-- what an amazing
and unique tale-- with us.
I really appreciate that.
>>WILLS: I am so privileged
to have been invited.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Again, you can connect
with Jerry's work, including
his protocols on healing
and all of his adventures,
by going to jerrywills.com.
Meanwhile, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.